bio
Alice focuses on delivering creative business improvements through IT solutions and user-friendly ‘tech translation’ training. Her projects have included managing the development, UAT and roll out of a safety and risk app for mobile technicians, to delivering integrated management system solutions for multiple facilities and remote sites. Alice is a relative new comer to Security but after 3 years has found a great community, got more than a few greys hairs and now wears less hi-viz than in her previous life as a Health & Safety manager.
Andre is a final year cyber security student from Curtin University working as a security engineer with a deep interest in forensics and social engineering.
"Andrew Horton aka urbanadventurer has been in the information security space for over 10 years. During that time he has been fortunate  to have been providing services to some of the world’s biggest companies and working alongside some of the most elite ethical hackers in the world.
Andrew is best known for his open-source software contributions to the security community, forming part of the standard arsenal
of penetration testers and blackhat hackers alike, along with mentions in university textbooks and professional methodologies. 
You can find some of his contributions in Kali Linux, the most popular Linux security distribution used daily by security professionals.
Beyond penetration testing, Andrew is on the advisory boards of start ups, mentors up and coming security professionals, occasionally gives conference presentations, and also hosts the popular information security news aggregator at https://www.morningstarsecurity.com/news."
Anthony is a WA local (repping the Wheatbelt) with a  passion for all things edible and Cyber. He currently works as a Security Consultant for Kinetic IT and is the Co-Founder of the volunteer Cyber Security organisation Certification Station. 
Aria is a UWA student and long-time pentester who occasionally goes professional. They have a keen interest in reverse-engineering, low-level code, and malware analysis. They also waste too much time playing rhythm games.
"Bex Nitert is a Managing Consultant in the Digital Forensics and Incident Response (DFIR) team at ParaFlare, where she delivers digital forensic investigation, incident response, threat hunting and cyber security consulting services to clients in the public and private sector. Prior to joining ParaFlare, Bex was the Digital Forensic Lead in Australia for a global professional services firm and a Managing Consultant of Cyber Security and Forensics at a global Fortune 500 IT services company.

During her career in digital forensics and cyber security, Bex has conducted investigations into multimillion-dollar fraud schemes, employee fraud and misconduct, intellectual property theft, and unauthorised disclosure of information. She has also assisted clients with high impact incidents, such as ransomware attacks, the sabotage of IT systems by disgruntled employees, business email compromise, and cyber espionage. She uses her insights from digital forensic investigations to help organisations improve their cyber security posture and their ability to respond to and recover from security incidents."
Cairo (she /her) is a cyber security professional, specialising in governance, risk and compliance. She currently works for Octopus Deploy, leading the implementation of their GRC programme. Before moving to Octopus, she spent three years leading risk assessment and remediation at one of the world’s largest mining companies, working with technology across both enterprise and operational environments. Her previous experience includes consulting and internal positions, working with organisations across finance, government, healthcare, telecommunications and resources to assess their security posture and implement policy and process to increase security maturity.  She is passionate about providing pragmatic security advice, increasing female representation in the Cyber Security industry, and Stardew Valley. She also has a degree in International Relations and a CISSP.
Hallo, I'm Cole Cornford from the Hunter Valley in NSW. I work remotely for Change.org as a Staff Security Engineer doing a bit of everything in the security space. Previously, I was a DevSecOps professional with experience across federal government and the financial sector. In my spare time I enjoy reading, pretending to be an economist with no actual education, and losing repeatedly to mana flood on MTG Arena.
"Senior Dev Advocate Snyk, Barayamal advisor. Dev/CTO/Maker/Geek/Speaker/MC/Hackathoner.
"
Father of 3, Director of PwC's Cyber Security & Digital Trust Practice and SANS Instructor in training. 
Emanuel is a Perth-native Cyber Security Consultant and Software Developer at Retrospect Labs. Technology captured his interest from a young age, and he has been learning more and more about how the technology that we interact with every day works, ever since. He has a desire to help uplift the Cyber Security capability of organisations, and enjoys architecting robust and secure software solutions. When not tinkering with technology, he enjoys music, motorsport, discovering new food experiences, and going on road-trips.
Buffy (she/they) currently works at Canva as a security engineer, born on a moonless night in an undisclosed location along the cyber ley lines. For the past five years, they have been using the mystical powers handed down for generations to tame Pythons and Gophers, manifesting themself into the security engineer they are today.
Gareth is a WA based IRAP assessor, contract CISO, and all round Infosec nerd interested in the non obvious side of cyber security. Will swap war stories for dim sum.
George is a dad, husband, best friend, worst friend, geek and Senior Consultant at Empired Ltd.  George goes out of his way to learn new things every day, sometimes Cyber related and loves to share that knowledge to help make a difference in others lives.  George finds purpose through service and is super excited to be here today.
Gyle first got connected to the internet via her reliable 56k US Robotics modem and has been fascinated ever since with technology and security. She likes learning and sharing what she knows by mentoring, volunteering and presenting in different community-based infosec cons. She got her Graduate Certificate in Incident Response from the SANS Institute and her Master in Cyber Security – Digital Forensics from UNSW Canberra. Currently, she’s an incident responder with IBM’s X-Force IR team. When not doing cyber security stuff, she’s exploring the different farmers markets in quirky Melbourne and if there’s a lockdown, she reads recipe books and does a lot of experiments in her kitchen.
Iain is the Full Spectrum Cyber lead for Leidos Australia, and provides oversight and support to all of Leidos' AU programs for technical cyber security. He is currently the Chief Cyber Architect for a program which provides a Security Operations capability to a Federal Government Department. He has previously worked as a Cyber Research Engineer and as an Assistant Director for Cyber Threat Intelligence within the Federal Government. He is also one of the founders of ComfyCon AU, a virtual conference founded as a direct response to the cancellation of cyber security conferences due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
Jacob Larsen is a passionate and enthusiastic information security specialist with an insatiable curiosity. With a particular interest and fascination for advanced persistent threats, threat intelligence and blockchain technology, Jacob currently operates as both a Cyber Security Consultant and Cyber Intelligence Analyst for CyberCX.
James is a Consulting Director at Modis, and serves as the Global Director of Cloud Solutions, and more specifically the global AWS Practice Director, with teams in the UK, Europe, USA, Bulgaria, Romania, Japan & Australia. He's been a Linux & Open Source contributor since the 1990s as a Debian Linux Developer, a Perl CPAN contributor, and conference chair for Linux.conf.au. James was the primary security technical specialist for AWS in Australia and New Zealand from the launch of AWS in Australia until 2014 (he opened the AWS office in Perth). He's worked in Higher Education, Finance, Advertising, and Government (Law Enforcement, Transport, Education, Health). With 9x AWS Certifications (and equal longest certified AWS Solution Architect in the world), AWS Certification Subject Matter Expert, AWS Partner Ambassador, having written whitepapers and bootcamps for AWS, having walked inside the fames US-East-1 AWS Region, he knows a fair amount about the AWS Cloud.
Jason is the threat intelligence lead in PwC’s Cyber and Digital Trust practice. He is responsible for leading the analysis and reporting of Advanced Persistent Threat and Organised Crime campaigns. He previously worked for PwC in the UK, Crowdstrike and before that the Australian Signals Directorate.
"Maeesha Lohani is a security consultant at CyberRisk and a passionate student studying Computer Science, majoring in Cyber Security. When not studying hard for her university courses, Maeesha contributes to the Australian Women in Security (AWSN) Cadets initiative, as a member of the committee. Fulfilling her duties in this committee, Maeesha was awarded the runner-up for ""Best Student Security Leader"" award by CSO. She also has spoken at multiple conferences including Kids Securiday, Bsides Melbourne, AllTheTalks Online, and AWSN’s local events.
Sajeeb Lohani is the lead Platform Security Engineer at Bugcrowd, who graduated with honours from Monash University with a Bachelor of Software Engineering (Hons.) in 2017. Sajeeb holds OSCP and OSWE. Constantly passionate about contributing to and improving cyber security research, Sajeeb currently holds 120+ CVEs and is also a core contributor and co-developer of Interlace, a popular open-source project used for organising and automating penetration testing workflows. Sajeeb is also ranked within the top 40 of BugCrowd and #2 of DVuln."
"Matt works Velociraptor project as a Principle Software Engineer for Detection and Response at Rapid 7. During the day he spends his time focusing on writing content and research to uplift the project as a community resource.

Matt has worked in information security for almost 15 years across end user, vendor and consulting space. With a heavy bias in endpoint based DFIR, he also enjoys threat research and always learning from each collection."
Raymond is the technical lead in the Canva Detection & Response team. There he is responsible for detecting and responding to attacks against Canva and its global user base. Prior to joining Canva Raymond was the regional manager for a global incident response team and helped build up a managed detection & response practice.
"Renée is a compulsive disassembler of all things- an engineer at heart - with a drive to understand how all things work.  Her cars are regularly gaining features (that's why they're broken), her home compute lab is also ""in feature enhancement"", as she's now permanently distracted playing violin.
IT was an accident, where she became a multi-flavoured Unix SysAdmin.  She's escaped that now, having evolved into a technical design lead for <redacted>.
She has a passion for good design, truth, justice and a hard boiled egg."
Russ is a Senior Penetration Tester at Trustwave in Perth, who often jumps across to the blue team. In a previous life he was a sysadmin at an MSP and wears those scars proudly. Outside of work, he's developed challenges for multiple WACTFs and talked at SecTalks.
"Shain has a very interesting background!
"
"Zane is a passionate cyber defence practitioner with 10 years in the field, first starting on the help desk at iinet as a young man with no idea what a router was (kinda still doesn’t), and now is the Senior Defence Engineer for the Wesfarmers: Cyber Fusion Center. Zane is responsible for developing the “CFCs” rapid defence prototype and working directly with some of the largest retailers and industrial services within Australia. Zane has a strong interest and skillset in detection, #thunting, and security uplifts.
Tristan has been in the security field for over a decade now and during this time has worked with organizations large and small. Lately there has been a strong focus on utilising and understanding attack tools & techniques such as Bloodhound/Kerberoasting/PrintNightmare in a defensive context in order to build a set of common uplift activities. #thunting
"
